---
author: Sue Moreland
date: 2018-05-26 02:43:12+00:00
layout: post
title: President's report
tags: 
  - president's report
---

Wintery Greetings.

As the financial year draws to a close it is great to see so much happening around the club. A big thank you to all for your patience and tireless efforts to keep the Club house and tennis matches going during our renovation. It is almost finished! Another week and the building will be all ours again. I am looking forward to arranging our belongings into their new cupboards and storage and having our kitchen back to ourselves.

I believe there will be a new keyless alarm system fitted. We will endeavour to teach all captains and organisers how to access the club room as soon as we have been taught ourselves.

The Club Championships are being held on the weekend of 22 – 24 June. A great opportunity to have some fun, test your skill and check out the new facilities. Entry forms will be available in the Clubhouse soon or from coach Ben Longridge. Please get your forms in asap to help us organise the event efficiently. The entry form can be accessed on line at: [Club Championships Entry](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdXnyHcaLiSi8o86Gfg1VOz4vNTIiDjpRrfqWZ4O18Y7qlXBA/viewform).

One of our new Club Championship prize sponsors, Simba, has a Sale coming up (Flyer attached). Well worth a trip down. Another great find for excellent products at great prices.

Membership Renewal time is approaching fast and are due by June 30. Forms will be sent out electronically and will be available in the Clubhouse. Kindly complete the form and return to Chris Wishart or Lenelle Thomsen (secretary@hprtc.org.au ) at your earliest convenience.

Thanks to Rob Hyndman for maintaining our website. Your time is most appreciated Rob.

**Sue Moreland, Happy Hitting! **
