---
author: Sue Moreland
date: 2018-07-18 22:40:02+00:00
layout: post
title: President's report
tags: 
  - president's report
---

Wintery Greetings,

It is pleasing to see the club house fully functional and the building
works completed. The new key system is in place with pass cards
required for access to the building and external toilet. After some initial
teething problems it appears to be working well. We have exciting news
for the club in that the funding for the completion of the external
grounds and landscaping has been approved by council with planning to
start next week.

The club Championships were held on the 23 and 24 June and were
enjoyed by all, in spite of the weather delays on Saturday afternoon.
Many thanks to Ben for his logistical skills in running them so efficiently.
Many of you added a helping hand on the day providing food and service
to all the players, none more so than Elizabeth Sloan who organised the
prizes from the many generous sponsors listed below and ensured that
everyone was well fed.

 * Flower Gallery, 194 Canterbury Road–$50 bouquet
 * Officeworks, Bayswater – printer
 * Dorset Gardens Hotel – four Bistro vouchers @ $25 each
 * Collins Bookshop, Main Street Croydon – Voucher $10
 * Utsav Indian Restaurant, Heathmont – four vouchers @ $20 each
 * Heavenly Bliss Beauty, Heathmont – $50 voucher
 * Barclays, Heathmont – one $25 voucher
 * Spiffie, Heathmont – hair care
 * Vanilla Pod Café – three vouchers for coffee and cake
 * Mr. Fox at Ringwood golf club – dinner voucher for $100
 * Donation of a ladies racquet by an anonymous donor
 * Simba, 289-311 Bayswater Road – Donation of linen and towels
 * Bunnings, Ringwood – three $50 vouchers
 * Heathmont Flowers – a pot plant
 * Julie McMillan – Sweet treats cookies

**Results – Juniors**

 * Mixed Doubles: Jamie Cranston and Ella Beanland
 * Girls Doubles: Irene Imbuido and Ruby Harrison
 * Boys Doubles: James Allsop and Jamie Cranston
 * Girls Singles: Ella Beanland
 * Boys Singles: Jamie Cranston

**Results – Seniors**

 * Mixed Doubles: Mark Ogden and Lenelle Thomsen
 * Ladies Doubles: Lenelle Thomsen and Chris Wishart
 * Mens Doubles: Ben Longridge and Luke Humphris
 * Ladies Singles: Lenelle Thomsen
 * Mens Singles: Luke Humphris

I would like to thank the current committee who have worked tirelessly
and with good humour to keep our club running as smoothly as possible
throughout the year. It is great to see that many are happy to stay on in
their current positions at the upcoming AGM to be held on next Saturday
21st July at 1 pm. Please show your support by attending. Afternoon tea
to follow. Social tennis at 2pm.

With regards to AGM and committee positions we are looking to find an
Auditor and a Social Event coordinator. Would YOU consider volunteering
for either of these roles. Please contact me on 0425711364 if you can or
fill in the nomination form on the bottom of the AGM notice and hand it
to me on the day.

Sue Moreland, Happy Hitting!
