---
author: Sue Moreland
comments: false
date: 2018-12-26 00:45:08+00:00
layout: post
title: President's report
tags:
  - president's report
---

Greetings,

Merry Christmas to you all. 2018 has almost passed us by and we have welcomed in a virtually new clubhouse and outdoor area and had many successes both on and off the court. 2019 promises to be the year where you can focus completely on enjoying your tennis instead of dodging builders and security fencing. Many thanks to you all for your endless patience during this process. Particularly our coach, Ben, who has not once complained to me about the increased difficulty this must have added to his day. His winning attitude in his whole approach to life is exemplary. I would also like to congratulate him on his personal tennis achievement winning the Victorian grass courts Singles championships over 35’s in Yarrawonga just recently. We are lucky to have him as our Head Coach.

There have been quite a few flags added to the collection this year in both the adult and junior competitions. But more importantly we are often complimented on the excellent sportsmanship displayed by teams, our friendly and welcoming members, making it a fun, positive place for all visitors and players to be. During the competition break we will open the courts on a Wednesday evening at 7.30pm for organised social play, and Saturday social will continue at 2pm.

Please make full use of the courts during the holidays. There will be holiday programs run for the children. If using the courts personally don’t forget that the new security system is proving tricky as we learn that the external toilet door must be relocked with the swipe card when you leave. The system does an automatic check at 11pm and if it has not been armed properly the security company attend and charge us an $88 call out fee. I am trying to get this adjusted but please be aware for now. Also remember general housekeeping goes a long way to making the clubhouse pleasant for each attendee.

FREE. There is a large pile of mulch which anyone can help themselves to. We accidentally had too much delivered. So, give your garden some added protection from the summer heat and add some mulch.

We had several enjoyable events recently with our open Day on the first of December and Juniors and Friday ladies Christmas parties. The lucky winner of the Hamper this year was E. Sloan.

I look forward to seeing you on court,

Sue Moreland,

Happy Hitting!

