---
author: Sue Moreland
date: 2019-06-13 00:32:45+00:00
layout: post
title: President's report
banner: "media/P1040894.jpg"
tags:
  - president's report
---

Greetings all members,

Hope you are all adapting to the wintery blast of May and June. It is astonishing how fast our tennis year has flown with most of the night tennis and mid-week competitions drawing to a close for this season. We are hopeful of some new flags to be added next week.

Our Club Championships were run on June 1st and 2nd. Congratulations to all the finalists, with our standout Men’s Singles champion, Rod Beanland, and Women’s singles champion, Heather McMillan, taking home the trophies for 2019. The Boys Singles was won by Jamie Cranston and the Girls Singles won by Ella Beanland. A full list of results is included later in this newsletter. Thank you so much to Coach Ben and Luke for organising
a great weekend.

Many thanks to our local Sponsors, Cocoginger Hair Salon (Bayswater), and Tennis Victoria who donated prizes for our Champions this year.

There were many exciting, very entertaining matches both for the players and spectators who participated on the day. I challenge all who didn’t enter to step up and take part next year. It is a lot of fun and you get to see and play against people you may not usually encounter.

News for night players in KDNTA is that all finals will be played on the home courts of the team higher on the ladder from next season, including those clubs with synthetic grass, i.e. HE Parker tennis Club.

Our AGM is coming up on the 20th July at 1pm. All are welcome to attend. Should you wish to take part on the committee we would love to hear from you. Unlike most volunteer organisations, we have a large group of willing committee members which makes running our club an easy, fun task.

Many hands definitely do make light work and new ideas are always encouraged. I would  like to personally thank all current committee members. You do an outstanding job. A reminder that all memberships come due on the 1st of July and renewals will be sent out with AGM invitations. We really appreciate the completed forms being returned as it makes matching them up with the payments so much easier on our much-loved membership secretary, Chris Wishart (who also manages keys, and tennis Balls, and night competition for you all).

Social tennis will be running on Wednesday evenings 7pm, beginning on the 19th of June during the break between season 1 and 2 for night competition. Season 2 will recommence week beginning 15 July.

I wish you all the best for your next season, Happy Hitting, See you on court.

Sue Moreland

