---
author: Sue Moreland
date: 2019-04-10 08:15:04+00:00
layout: post
title: President's report
tags:
  - president's report
---

Autumn Greetings 2019,

Summer is all but gone and with it the Junior season has come to a close with 2 teams making the semi finals on Saturday, and Sunday JDC 4 winning the Grand final and JDC5 taking out the Runners up. A close struggle for Saturday Rubbers 17, with 27 to 26 games but 2 sets to 4 down. So close!! Also Boys 9, a valiant struggle but couldn’t quite get there on the day. Well done and good luck for next season.

We have 15 teams entered for the Junior competition next season and due to the growing administration burden we will run a team meeting on Tuesday 23rd April from 6.30-7 pm for the purposes of meeting your team mates, collecting ball money ($20 for the whole season) , explaining procedures and etiquette and duty parent responsibilities. All participants are expected to attend or notify James Wotherspoon, our Junior Convenor if you are unable to attend, on 0407357318.

Wednesday evening Social is back on 10th and 17th April as adult competition pauses for the school holidays. Love to see you there. Courts open at 7.30 pm. $2 to cover light costs is appreciated. We know you love our courts but a reminder that it is not advisable to lend out your keys to non-members so that they can have a private social hit. Please invite your guests and friends to join you, or us, and advise them of the $5 visitor fee. Many thanks

A big thank you to all of you who chip in to keep our facilities looking clean and tidy. A special mention to our Garden enthusiasts, Chris Hall, Viv White, Chris Wishart and Di Phillips, who’s never ending attention to the garden is truly appreciated by everyone. If you have any suggestions or requests for our tennis facilities, don’t hesitate to ring or email any of the committee members so that we can endeavour to supply what you need to enjoy your use of the club.

Sue Moreland,

Happy Hitting!

