---
date: 2020-05-18
author: Lenelle Thomsen
layout: post
title: Return to tennis!
banner: "media/covid19_return.png"
tags:
  - facilities
---

Dear Members

I have great news!  We are able to resume play at HE Parker Reserve, with immediate effect, but we are to follow strict guidelines from Tennis Victoria and Maroondah Council.  The committee is implementing a booking system which is managed by Ben Longridge, to ensure that we limit numbers in accordance with Tennis Victoria guidelines.

These guidelines include social distancing, washing of hands, cleaning of facilities and equipment, limiting the time spent at the club to minimum required, limiting group sizes to 10 etc.  Please refer to the Tennis Victoria guidelines available here:

[[TENNIS VICTORIA RETURN TO TENNIS GUIDELINES FOR DOWNLOAD](/media/covid19_return.png)

### A few key requirements:

- Please book your court using the  Parker Reserve booking system, link: **https://www.facebook.com/advantedgetennis/**

    Please contact Ben Longridge 0413 619 028, if you need any assistance with the booking system.  We need the names and contact numbers to allow contact tracing (if need be), use the additional information tab in the booking system to add names and contact numbers of all players (thank you!)
- No booking, no play
- Please bring your own tennis balls to play with and take them home with you
- Please make sure you have your own hand sanitizer with you at all times and use it regularly
- Please avoid contact with any gates, poles, equipment etc while at the club and make sure you sanitize your hands regularly.  Assume that all surfaces are contaminated
- Clubhouse remains off limits - the Committee will be able to access the clubhouse to switch lights on and off.
- Please use the external toilet - internal toilets are off limits, except for wheelchair access.  Please clean the toilet and basin after use, parents please assist juniors (thank you!)
- The water bubblers and taps at the club are not to be used, please bring your own water bottle already full
- Any spectators or parents are urged to spectate from inside your cars, or please remain outside of the perimeter of the facilities and implement social distancing
- No non-tennis play gatherings or socialising is allowed of any sort
- Please arrive timely for your court booking and please leave the facilities promptly afterwards
- The Committee encourages everyone to download the [COVIDSafe app](https://www.covidsafe.gov.au/) to assist with contact tracing

If you have any questions, please don't hesitate to contact me or any of the club committee members.

Happy hitting all!

Kind regards,

Lenelle Thomsen

(Club Secretary)
